- It's not 'cause you joined Ken, I didn't want it recorded.
- Oh no, it's cool, let's see how that goes.
(laughing)
(upbeat music)
- I should, that was wrong, my internet,
'cause I just moved and I didn't notice
but the internet guys swapped out my modem.
You like just swapped it for no reason, which was fine,
but then it turns out there's four ports on the back
and only one of them technically work.
So like, why would the fuck am I supposed to know that?
Do you remember a bit?
Yeah, we used to live in a time
where all the ports used to work, but now, you know.
- Why don't the ports work?
- It's weird, it's like I tried each one
and I got flaky like service, but then one worked.
And the one that worked is like mapped
a little bit differently.
- Modems and internet are fucking bullshit,
to be honest with you.
Like, I like go talk to the like Verizon, right?
And I'm like, that was like, I did my shit.
And I'm like, oh well, you know,
I had problems with the other company.
I'm like, can you guarantee that this will be fast, right?
And they're like, yeah, right?
So then it's slow.
So I call them up, I'm like, what the fuck?
And they were like, oh well, you know,
doesn't count for Wi-Fi connections.
(laughing)
And then I'm like, okay, but I'm like,
it's like, like one of them's hardwired
and it's still fucking slow.
And they're like, oh well, we'll schedule something.
So I'm gonna take a look at it.
Long story short, I got so pissed off
and I ended up getting business internet.
I literally have business internet in my house right now.
And it's still fucking suck.
But it's like, if it's gonna suck,
I can like get like a statement credit or something.
So I feel like there's incentive on them
to make it not suck, right?
They have like an uptime fucking incentive.
- Yeah, SLAs on your home internet.
- But it's also a pain in the ass because like I can't,
like I have it bundled so I can't use like the FiOS TV app.
I have to use like the Verizon behind this app
and that doesn't like my dog, like chew my controller.
- You know, say I have no remotes.
I've got no remotes at all.
- Like that digital remote doesn't work.
- Yeah.
- It doesn't work.
- No, it doesn't work with the business internet.
What a time to be alive.
- It's wild because these companies run the internet.
Like the most, one of the most important things in the world.
And I was going to their site yesterday
to like change my plan.
And I kid you not.
It's like every page is like a minute of spinners
and bouncing between like random ass sub domains.
And I'm like, how did this company run like K internet
to like every single house in America?
But then like this bullshit.
They should use RSPs.
I'm just kidding.
- They're using JSP is what they're using.
- Yeah, yeah, exactly.
This is so slow.
Like I just, it's painful and I can't believe
this is the same company.
- I feel like a lot of that is like back end
refusing to cooperate, right?
Like the front guys are like, hey, let me, you know,
let me get what I need to build this website.
Like here's a general purpose API fucking run a proxy
through it and take out what you need.
You're like, oh, okay, thanks.
- It's like you can see the whole history
of all their technical debt through like all the redirects.
It like starts to load one front end
and realizes like you're in a specific part of the thing
that like flips to a different front end
and then like that has a spinner
and then like hits some other back end
that sends you back.
It's fucking insane.
- Have you guys ever worked on shit like that?
- Yeah.
Like like what's the classification here?
- Of like large.
- Old shit, yeah.
- Old shit.
- Yeah, not like a website,
but I've worked on some old stuff in finance.
- I've worked on some large old shit way back in the day.
- Yeah, and everything was like still Java and shit
and it was like, it was devastating.
- Yeah, I've got, we had all kinds of weird stuff.
It was like the original engineer created a zone
kind of like serialization approach and it was like,
instead of JSON, it was just like piped limited values
in a big string.
I can't remember what they were called.
There was a name for them.
And they were just like the bane of everyone's existence
'cause there'd be these weird situations
where something didn't serialize well.
It's because this stupid format
was supposed to be like really terse and fast.
- Wasn't this literally like,
was it prime?
Like, wasn't there some joke about this exact concept?
Like some guy invented something,
but like you actually lived it?
- Oh, I hadn't heard the prime joke.
I mean, I get like JSON has its downsides,
but like trying to work with somebody's proprietary,
I don't know, mangled up string was a nightmare.
- You saw this pretty fucking awesome, in my opinion.
- Yeah, I mean, the stuff we work on it doesn't matter.
I guess like if you're like doing high frequency trading
or something, then I can't comment on that not so much.
- Yeah, I mean, it works and it's readable.
I have no complaints really.
And it's a, I know it's like technically a performance thing,
but like that should have still so fast now
'cause everything, every parser is like crazy optimized
for in every language.
- There's like fast for like normal people.
Like if you work at the level that I work at,
which is like websites and like stuff that users use,
then like what is fast?
But if you're, I guess if you're doing like systems level
stuff, then you're like, man, JSON parsing is so slow.
And that's, I guess where prime lives.
- I mean, JSON parsing is fucking slow, generally speaking.
- Right?
Like I had like some JSON stringify in a hot path
that was getting like way too big of a JSON object
that it was like noticeably slow, even for websites.
So I could see like I was looking into like DevOps shit
and then I'm looking into like just like logging shit
like aggregation and like sorting in real time
and shit like that.
And I'm like, you know, I get why they need that kind of speed
or special formats for that kind of thing.
Like if you're gonna like have like real time analytics
or something or searching on it, like like how the fuck
do you search like millions of records that fast?
No, not with JSON?
- I thought you're tweeting about DevOps
called to some DevOps nerds to help you.
- Yeah.
- And then we got on a call.
- And me and Dax are kind of DevOps nerds.
- Are you guys kind of, I hate the word DevOps.
I don't know.
- I don't think it just means nothing to me.
(laughing)
- I literally figure out how to deploy all these shitty
as front end frameworks.
That's basically what I do.
- Yeah, but you like write the code to do that though, right?
That's like your thing, like you're building a platform.
- Well, it's more like I figure out
given what infrastructure we have, AWS Cloudflare, et cetera,
how do we like use them effectively to do various things
for people that don't know about those things?
- Pipe it into Gigapanther.
(laughing)
- That show is funny.
- It's so funny because like, you know,
like I get like make fun of that,
but like front end has the exact same shit.
- Yeah, it's true.
- I feel like whatever happened in DevOps
is like the exact same thing that happened in front end.
Everybody just dorked out a little too hard
and now there's like all these like fucking
bespoke, bullshit-y, crazily named things.
- Yeah, there's like a million layers between everything.
That's just what always happens in every industry.
I feel like everything that I worked in started off simple
and now just has like a hundred steps in between.
- I was thinking about this morning,
how I don't actually understand like bundlers.
Like I know that Astro uses VIT and roll up
and I don't know which one I'm done with.
- That's a great one.
That's actually a great example.
- Like I have no idea what each of them does.
Astro is a framework, but they don't,
they're built on top of VIT,
which is kind of another framework.
It doesn't actually do any of the bundling.
It uses ES build, but only in Dev,
but then when you're in production,
then it uses roll up.
- Oh my God, I hate it so much.
- Yeah.
- And now they're going up.
- What is going up?
- Both of those are the new thing called roll down.
It's just like--
- I saw, but do you know what they actually do?
- What?
- In terms of what?
- Oh, it's fucking gross.
- Bundlers do?
- Yeah.
- I mean, kind of like I know they end up like
taking all my stuff and putting it on the website,
like turning it into--
- Do you know what an iffy is?
- A what?
- Yeah, immediately executing function or whatever.
- Oh, like where it's wrapped in print and you like execute it?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, that thing, yeah.
So that's what a bundler does.
- It builds up like a dependency graph, right?
And then it'll go and kind of like resolve that into,
like the webpack output is just a bunch of iffy's
with like DEP injection.
If you ever roll your own DEP injection,
like if you have to do some weird ass like a valuable shit,
you're like, "Oh, okay, that's what's going on here."
- I'm sure DEX is done stuff like that.
- You seem smart, DEX.
- If you look, yeah, 'cause we use E as build like a ton,
which is, E as build's amazing, I love it.
I think a lot of the work that we do would not be possible
if not for E as build and how fast it is.
But if you look at the output of it,
which we do a lot 'cause of debugging,
it's really crazy some of the stuff that does.
There's like so many little micro optimizations you can do
when you're like, when you have a hundred files
and you need to pack them into a single file.
But a lot of times those optimizations don't work.
So if in your hundred files, you're importing the same module,
it should be smart enough to like lift that up to the top
and like import it once and then like, you know,
everything in reference to a variable.
But sometimes it can't figure that out
'cause JavaScript is weird and you end up with like,
let's say you're importing AWS SDK, you get like,
hey, it's a SK1, AWS SK2, AWS SK3,
and they'll be like nine definitions of the same variable.
It's yeah, it's wild, but it does do some cool optimizations.
- I literally had this issue yesterday, Dax,
where I had two different SDK, like V3 packages.
So it was like translate and bedrock or something.
And they were different versions
that rely on a different sub package,
like a little util package.
And there was a different version.
So then at runtime, it was trying to use two different,
it blew up.
It was just so annoying to like have to Google that stuff
and figure out what's going on.
- Do you guys think tree shaking will ever work?
- We rely on a lot, like we bundle our stuff in a way
that's meant to be tree shaking,
but it takes a lot of effort from us
to not accidentally introduce something that stops it.
But we use ES build, which isn't like the best tree shaker
in the world.
So I assume that when people are using roll up and stuff,
it's maybe better.
- Shakin' farther.
- Oh, it can always get shakin' farther.
- Yeah, further.
- I like the coconut trees and that's his backyard.
- You have coconut trees?
- No, I don't actually, but I want them.
Okay, here's a-
- Wait, wait, wait, you moved.
Do you still have, you're not a mangoes anymore?
- So I moved next door.
- So you still have mangoes?
- So I moved one house over.
No, so we don't have any fruit trees
or anything in this new house,
but we're gonna plant some.
And I think the first thing we're gonna plant
is a mango tree.
And they take like two or three years.
Did you hit a certain age
and use fucking love trees and just what happened?
- Specifically fruit trees.
- So have you looked at fastgrowingtrees.com?
- Yes, I've ordered thousands of dollars worth of trees
from fastgrowingtrees.com.
- And how did it go?
- You know, most of them are doing okay.
Cherry trees for some reason.
The deer just loved cherry trees in the Ozarks,
and they've like-
- You said so?
- Both of them did it.
Yeah, they just literally stomped them to the ground.
- I don't know.
- I can say with you for a week.
- I don't know what-
(laughing)
- But like, I've got three apple trees
that are all doing pretty good.
I got an apple last year, first apple.
- First year?
- They grow pretty fast.
No, it was the second year we've had them.
- Second year we've got one apple.
- Yeah, out of three trees.
- What zone are you in?
- I have no idea.
I knew at the time, I think six.
I knew when I was ordering them
'cause it has the charts.
Six or seven?
- I think I'm in seven.
And I've been looking at like what like,
like New Jersey is incredibly fertile in many ways.
But.
(laughing)
- But as far as the-
- Looking into the mic.
(laughing)
- As far as like temperature is concerned, right?
Like you're living like, I can't get like,
I can't have like fucking bananas, right?
So I think peaches do really well here.
- I've got a couple of Alberto peach trees.
- As well as apples.
So yeah, I think I'm gonna take the tree pill
and I have this whole section of my back yard.
I don't have any trees in my backyard.
- Yeah, oh really?
- It's like an acre with no fucking trees at all.
- Can everyone just like see interior yard?
Like how does that work?
- No, it's surrounded by trees.
- Oh, I see.
- But like the actual yard itself, there's no trees at all.
- You have all kinds of room to plant all the fruit trees.
And they all have to have like a buddy
that like helps to pollinate them and all that.
Like there's all these different rules.
So I was gonna put those in the back corner.
- Yeah.
- Just some fruit trees.
I got, so what led me to that, right?
Is I got scared about AI and started farm shopping.
(laughing)
So I started looking, right?
Like, you know, I'm looking at some of these farms.
I'm like, ah, okay, you know, that's okay.
Ah, that's a little out of the way.
And I found this one and it was a fucking apple orchard.
It was an apple orchard for a million dollars, right?
And I was like, I could like have like my wife
start the business, like get like some like women
and farming grants from the government.
Some kind of shit like that, right?
And, you know, it was like, it was like, it was a huge thing.
Of all these like app rows and rows of apples
of apples of apples of apples of apples of apples.
And rows of apples of a fucking orchard, right?
And it had like a building, like processing and shit.
Like you're in there and you see like the boxes
with the cheesy, flip-hard apples on it and shit.
And I'm like, oh shit.
And then I was like, you know what?
I don't know the first fucking thing
about fruit trees at all.
I was like, so, you know, it would be like a really good way
for me to like buy an apple orchard
and drive it directly into the fucking ground.
(laughing)
I was like, so, you know, maybe like maybe we can just
like dip our toes in.
- Yeah, like some of the few trees.
Two trees in the yard, see how it goes?
(laughing)
- Gail slowly.
Yeah, that's a, it's crazy 'cause so Liz's parents,
so they have a backyard.
Backyards in Miami aren't huge.
It's like a big city.
And they have a pool in it.
And it's mostly like tiled over the backyard,
but right around the edges,
they have like every fruit tree possible
and they all work out amazingly every year.
Like mango, papaya, orange, guava,
like just everything.
- Unbelievable.
- And like it just works.
Like they just put it there and it just works.
So I feel like maybe it's a climate
or the type of trees, whatever, they do so well here.
You just don't really have to try super hard.
- Yeah.
Do you ever find yourself with too many mangoes?
- Yeah, it's a huge problem.
Mango seeds is about to start, ready?
So, huge problem.
- You go from, like everyone has a mango tree
in their backyard and they produce like one to 200 mangoes
in the span of a month.
- It's a lot of fucking mangoes.
- It's a lot of mangoes.
- And everyone is like bringing them over
to someone else's house.
And they're like, we have too many mangoes
and like you try to bring them to like the ice cream store
so they can make mango ice cream.
And then literally last year there were literally signs
on stores being like not accepting mangoes.
It just becomes a whole huge problem.
Yeah, what this is dad does is he makes marmalade out of it.
It's just like a giant bucket of marmalade.
- Yeah, no, secondary products make a lot of sense.
- And that can keep for a while.
So yeah, it's--
- Can you make wine out of it?
- Mango wine.
I don't, I don't know, I guess you can.
- You could juice a mango, right?
- Yeah. - Yeah?
- I made mango wine in Stardew Valley before.
(laughing)
That's it sells for a lot.
I know that.
- Yeah, it really does.
- In Stardew Valley.
(laughing)
- You do like the mango, like on a stick
with the chili dust on it?
- Yeah, yeah, the Mexican.
That's Mexican style, right?
- That's sort of so fucking good dude.
I forget where I was, but somewhere like,
I'm like the back of like a moving truck
and this dude's like hacking into it with a machete
and it looks like a flower.
- Oh, flower, yeah, that's amazing.
- It was awesome.
- So, yeah, so it's kind of sucks that I love mangoes
and I eat them all year round,
but you just get way too many for a month.
- Can you cut them into chunks and freeze them?
- Yeah, people do that.
Yeah, people do that.
But like I said, there's so many trees here,
you can literally walk around and just grab them off of--
- Do people do that?
- Yeah, totally, it's totally normal
because there's just way too many.
The neighborhood I live in, it's,
and you guys will see when you come visit,
it's like crazy dense with trees.
Like you can't see the houses,
like there's trees all around the street
and it's like a big canopy, it's like a little jungle
and a lot of them are fruit trees
and they just like drop fruit on the ground all year round.
- That was their rotten fruit everywhere?
- Not really.
- Animals get to it.
- There's a lot of cats, I don't know if the cats eat
the fruit, but I don't know, it's not a problem,
but yeah, you can just grab stuff off of a tree
and you can eat it on your walk.
- So I'm curious, right?
Like if you introduce that much mango into your diet,
do people have health problems from that much mango?
- Well, mangoes are the only thing in nature
that has both fat and sugar.
It's like a fucking dessert, like a human meat,
mangoes are really fatty, yeah.
- Not like calories, like people are like,
oh, I got all fucking mango fat last season.
Like there's some fruit that like you're not,
like if you eat like six of them or something,
it's like a big problem.
- Oh, mangoes are, yeah, so I used to have that thing
that tracks your blood sugar.
I like that patch thing.
I wore it for like too much as to see.
So I would like eat things and then look to see
what it was 'cause it was real time.
I had ice cream, candy, all kinds of stuff.
Nothing spiked my blood sugar like a mango, like nothing.
- Really?
- Yeah, it tapers off pretty quickly,
but the highest I'd ever gotten was after eating a mango.
So there's a reason why it's so delicious.
It's just super good.
- You know what?
- Yeah.
- I'll never forgive the United States government
for fucking taking away mango joule pods.
That was like.
- Wait, specifically mango?
- Specifically, oh, I don't know.
So like I guess the lineup was it was like tobacco.
And then they had like, they had this one
that was like raspberry and that shit sucked.
And then there was like two different menthols
and they got rid of the better one.
They got rid of mint and they left menthol.
Mint was better.
And I feel like there was like one or two.
You know what?
That's a sidebar, but mango was like the premier one.
Mango was the shit.
You had mango white claws and a mango joule pod
and you were in a hot tub five years ago.
You were living the fucking dream.
It was unreal.
So I came to find out that we had like our mango lineup.
It was like, it was like the white claw flavors,
like the seasons, right?
So we had like our lineup, right?
And then I was over in England and you go there
and they had completely different flavors.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah, the flavors that we don't have here at all.
- Yeah, I forget what it was.
It was like fucking like kiwi or leechy or some shit.
But they had like a totally different flavor set.
And what was wack is that like by law,
they were lower nicotine.
- Interesting.
- So they picked it up and it was kind of weak sauce.
Mango, mango joule pods.
They've lost something with them.
- I'm telling you.
And then for a while there was actually funny,
I'd get them like the guys at like the gas stations,
not like legitimate gas stations,
but like, you know, the gas stations
where you can like buy a bowl and shit.
(all laughing)
Like, you know what I'm talking about.
- Yeah, that's how they make all their money.
I was saying this the other day.
They don't make money off the gas.
- Yeah, no, no.
They make it off selling fucking dick pills.
But I'm like, I go in there, right?
And they, they, hey buddy, I have the mango.
And I'm like, what?
I'm like, you're a fucking mango, right?
And it would be like, you'd look at it
and it would be like the writing was in Russian
or something, they would import mango
from internationally where it was in the problem.
- It's like black market mango joule pods.
- So I'm at React Summit in Jersey City, right?
A couple months ago.
And I'm all fucked up.
We like just left like the bar cate or some shit, right?
I'm like, ah.
- Bar cate.
- And like, it's pretty much the part.
So like across the street,
there's like some like, you know,
community store kind of thing, right?
I'm like, ah, I need fucking more vape shit.
So like I go in there.
And I'm like asking for joule pods
and the guy's like, you want mango?
I'm like, no, no, I don't freak the fuck out.
I bought like two packs of them.
I'm like, shit dude, I'm like so pumped.
I get back to the hotel room and I like pop it open, right?
And this shit is just like, like when it's like regular,
right, like the vape juice in there is like basically clear.
This shit is like brown.
Like these things are obviously like a decade old.
(laughing)
I'm like, I can't even spark this.
- Oh, so you think they should have
done make them any more because they were banned?
- Yeah, it's like the Quayludes in Wolf of Wall Street.
- Oh, yeah.
- That's it, that's floating around out there right now.
- I feel like I've never seen Wolf of Wall Street
and I feel like I miss so many references because of it.
People reference that movie constantly.
- Did you have to watch it?
It's an amazing movie.
- Really?
- Okay.
- I've seen it so many.
- I'll put it on the list.
- Did you watch Dunkirk?
Did you watch Dunkirk?
- I did watch Dunkirk.
- That was good.
- You know, it was good.
I don't know what I was expecting.
It didn't, I don't know, it didn't,
it wasn't what I expected.
It was good.
It was like visually and like the sound was great.
Like that part of it was cool.
But something about like the story.
I don't know.
I felt like underwhelmed.
- Wasn't that really a story?
It's basically two hours of tension.
- Yeah, it's yeah, two hours of tension.
I felt underwhelmed and then I found like
a rewatchable episode, you know,
like the podcast that talks about movies
and Quentin Tarantino's on there.
And he chose, he wanted them to talk about Dunkirk.
And then I'm like, oh, this must be, I'm just dumb.
Like I don't understand.
'Cause if he wants to talk about this movie,
it must be amazing.
Like he knows stuff about movies.
What do I know?
- Yeah, I think.
- He does.
- The thing with it is there's like,
you know, there's war movies.
We've seen a bunch of war movies
and Christopher Nolan's gonna do a war movie.
So he's gotta do his like weird take on it.
'Cause he always does something a little bit different.
So what I'm doing with that was a whole like
timeline thing where like.
- Yeah, the cutting around.
Like the pie, I also saw that movie a hundred percent
tripping on acid in theaters.
- Okay, that would probably go well.
- I would imagine.
- No, it just made it way more confusing.
I loved it.
I thought it was amazing.
And I love the experience.
But I read like way too deep into the story.
I thought it was like way more complex than it actually was.
And I was like trying to figure out like,
I thought there was some like time travel shit going on
and it wasn't.
It's just pretty straightforward.
- I don't know that I fully, I only watched it the one time.
I don't know if I fully got all the cutting around
like if I really understood the timeline.
- Yeah, it's like clever ordering with like the pilots
experiences only like two hours.
And the people on the boat have like a two day experience
and people on each have like a one year one week experience.
But when the boats come through the fog
and the music starts playing.
- Oh yeah, that was cool.
There was some moments for sure.
Do you feel anything ever?
- I don't think I have emotions.
Yeah, no, I don't think I do.
- Really?
- It's a problem.
I'm pretty emotionally shallow.
- You don't get pissed off?
- I do get some like ragey, like quick reaction,
but then I'm fine.
Like I have a very like bursty rage.
- Do you get like super pumped about shit?
- He gets manic.
- I do get manic, it's not funny.
- We're gonna be like, whoa, fucking sick.
- Not really, no.
I mean, I used to play high school sports.
And even then I was like, I was pretty good at sports,
but I didn't really like, I was like, awesome, we won.
I mean, the people around me were very like,
ugh, you know, like that.
And I'm just kind of like, I don't know.
I'm like this. - That's the best part
about sports, you know, when you're adrenaline's going
and you're just like 100% down to murder the other team.
- I think I do get, I think I get adrenaline.
I just don't express it emotionally, if that makes sense.
- You don't talk like impulsive sports shit.
- Mm-mm. - Yeah.
- Yeah, you sit there, I'll fight.
You're like, who's house is this?
(laughing)
But I'm just like, I'm playing children in tennis right now.
I think I feel, I just, I'm internal.
It's all internal for me.
- What's going on in there?
- I don't know.
- Are you thinking it? - No, I don't know why.
There's really nothing, there's not more to me.
There's not depth that you're missing out on.
I just don't have.
- You guys have internal monologue, right?
- I think so. - Yeah.
- Okay, good. - Yeah.
- Like you hear words, like you actually hear, yeah.
I don't know if I hear words.
Maybe that's what it is.
- What is this shit like people are not?
- Yeah, like they say like they don't.
Like I'll sit there like walking to somewhere
and like in my head, I'll be like,
look at this motherfucker.
(laughing)
- I play all whole fantasies in my like,
just I like play all these scenarios
of like getting into fights with random people
that I still don't argue with them.
I don't understand.
And they say people don't like visualize that.
- Yeah, there's, my wife can't see things.
Like she can't visualize.
- I understand like at all.
- Picture a red egg.
- Can you visualize stuff in your head?
- Yeah, I can visualize for sure.
- Okay, there's people.
Okay, so I was talking to someone the other day
and I was like, okay, if I ask you what you had
for dinner yesterday, do you not like imagine
the visual of it in your head?
And they're like, no, I just remember.
I'm like, what the fuck are you talking about?
How is that, how is that possible?
- I think they're fucking pulling our legs
to be honest, I don't understand how that's possible.
- Yeah, like how do you,
how do you like remember where anything is?
How do you like, it just doesn't make any sense at all.
- And you just describe anything, right?
Like, you know, if I was going to describe
like a hypothetical situation,
like I'm looking at it in my head.
- Yeah, yeah, exactly.
- I mean, there's a name for it and everything.
- My wife has this, I don't remember what it's called.
- It's actually really funny, like,
like my most creative and my most like capable
is when I'm making fun of something.
(laughing)
- I definitely like that.
- That's in the same way, yeah.
(laughing)
- I don't know, I hate what movie it was,
but like, like, I think it was like Channing Tatum
like went to go like, like make fun of somebody dancing
and like danced really well, right?
And I feel like what the fuck did you learn to dance like that?
(laughing)
- That was a, was that a jump street?
- It might have been.
- Maybe.
- It's like, wait, so you got good at dancing
for making fun of people.
- You did make fun of people.
(laughing)
- That happens a lot of times.
You start doing something ironically
and then you just start doing it normally
and then there's no difference.
Happens like that.
- Like I like start like playing Lupiano
and like singing a song and like make fun of somebody.
It's like a billion times better.
- Man, if I'm like, I'm serious about it.
(laughing)
- Man, I totally get that.
That's why I wanted to be more into that.
But you know.
- I don't know, I didn't grow enough.
Like we fucked with each other all day long.
- Yeah, that's all we did.
- All day long.
And like now, like, we're like, whoa, man, chill.
You're like, come on, man, come on, come on.
(laughing)
- It's like, how am I supposed to get close to you
if I can't do that?
Just isn't, it just doesn't work for me in my head.
But again, I think this might be like a Northeast thing
'cause a lot of people don't get this at all.
- Yeah, it's not the best thing for sure.
- Yeah, maybe it was a Northeast thing.
But you get like a lot of like wit and vocabulary
and like fucking like, if you're not firing it back,
then it's like-- - Yeah, I appreciate it.
Like, I enjoy being around you guys
and I enjoy hearing you guys do it to other people.
I just, I can't, I can't come up with it.
I'm not that witty.
- What do you do when you hang out with someone
that you're like close with?
Someone you grew up with. - It's funny to ask.
- They don't.
I mean, they don't hang out.
- It's gorgeous man.
- This is like-- - Do you see them
and you're like, hey, it's really nice to see you.
(laughing)
- I mean, yes, that is what a mid-westerner would do.
Not something you're really close with.
- Do you see like two Northeast people?
Like two Northeast people,
if you see them not see each other after a while
and then come into contact?
Like the first thing they're gonna say,
I'm like, what's up, bitch?
And they're like, oh, we'll see you later.
- The first thing you do is you start
coming at each other.
- That's basically what I did on this call.
I showed up and I started making fun of your hair.
(laughing)
- That's the first thing I did.
- Look at the hair on this, that's all.
(laughing)
- Oh, man.
- Yeah, but you know, everyone's different.
- I wanna hear more of what Ken thinks about AI.
Like what is your AI take?
I feel like I've probably seen you on Twitter,
but I don't remember.
Is it coming for a job or do you not think so?
- Oh man, you know what dude?
It's like there's so much bullshit out there right now
that it's actually really hard to separate the fucking them,
the fact from fiction, right?
Like a lot of reputable sources have a lot of things to say,
but it's like in their own interest to do so.
Like the hype benefits them, right?
So it's like, you know, maybe they're not being completely
honest about this or that.
So like, I don't know, I see a lot of the same bullshit
with AI that I did with crypto.
- It's like the same crowd jumped on it, it's unfortunate.
- Yeah, so it's really hard to see
through that whole grift crowd thing.
Now fundamentally, right?
It's cool, I guess.
- Do you use it?
Like do you use Chad GPT or anything else?
- Yeah, I'll use it to translate like code
from one language to another.
That's like a big thing, but like, I don't know.
They're like, oh, generate this picture, right?
And like, yeah, sure, it's like a crocodile
on roller blades, right?
But like, what do you actually do with that?
(laughing)
- Nobody ever fucking takes a shit
and does anything with it.
- Yeah, no, it's crazy 'cause you do you remember
when it first came out?
It was like really cool.
And now you can spot that shit from a mile away
and it looks bad.
Like every AI generate images.
We like immediately like got it in our head
and it just looks cliche now.
So yeah, you can't really do much with it.
- Like the head shots, like people get that, right?
And I'm like, are you really gonna use that
as your fucking picture?
- Yeah, I just think nobody knows what it is.
- It just looks so lame.
Remember that one that gave you abs?
I don't know if you saw that one.
- Yeah.
- Give you like an 8-pack.
- What?
That's awesome, that's awesome.
I like to fit the face up one where it like chads you out,
like enormously.
- Yeah, good job.
I like how it makes me look older.
Like I do the old one and I'm like,
that's definitely what I'm gonna look like.
I feel like that does a really good job.
- Oh yeah, that one, that was pretty realistic.
Yeah, it's interesting.
Like I was not even thinking about any of this
when I said AI, like I wasn't thinking
about any of the generative, like visual stuff.
It's interesting this all happened at once.
Like that there's this peak moment where
all this like image and media generation stuff,
people were on music and video.
It's all happening while the LLMs
are doing all this text generation stuff.
Is that coincidence?
Is there some underlying thing?
- They're all powered by the same thing.
Yeah, they're all related.
- Is that the transformers architecture or something?
- It's all advances in learning, right?
So you have like LLMs, right?
And that's like generating text.
But then like all like generating like music
or fucking alligators and roller blades.
That's like diffusion models, right?
There's like, there's many different things
that they have going on.
What frightens me, right, is just the pace.
And like the, like what could happen with the pace, right?
So like, I don't know, like if you look at like video
and images like a year ago or two years ago
to like now, like the pace of that is wild.
So like right now it's used for like like dumb shit like that,
or right, you'll like ask chat, you can use something
and like it'll sort of tell you the right answer.
Some of the time, but like have a thought experiment, right?
Like extrapolate that out a little bit, right?
Like like what if it does like double consistently
or quadruple consistently?
What if it does get like really, really smart?
What if it can do your job?
What if it can do everyone's job?
- Well, that's when I've talked about this openly.
I mean on the podcast, right?
Like a lot of people, a lot of people think it's gonna be
like this like fucking like, like they think like,
Oh, well, if AI takes all the jobs, right, then,
Oh, well then the government will just give us money
to fucking lay around and play the flute.
(laughing)
Motherfucker, no, they won't.
No, they won't.
And then like, you know, they say we, right?
Like it's a fucking team sport and, you know,
like they're like rooting for the giants,
but no, there is no fucking weed, right?
The best AI is gonna be built by the people
who have the money to train the models, right?
So this is wholly owned by the companies
and the government doesn't have shit to do with it.
So, you know, like if you, people like,
Oh, yeah, well, fucking you're gonna have to adopt,
adapt motherfucker, like, and I always say like farming,
right?
Like farming is a big example.
Like how many farmers are there?
Well, if you actually look at the chart, right?
From like 1700 to now, it goes from like 99% to 4%.
Yeah, yeah, we shifted away from agricultural economy,
but it took 200 fucking years, right?
Like, like 200 years of other shit cropping up, right?
Yeah, this is happening much faster.
Yeah, so if it happens in like five years, then what?
Yeah, what, then what?
I don't know, because I just think about my own job
mostly 'cause I'm selfish,
but I don't consider like the broader impact of like,
if all knowledge workers are useless
because AI is better than them, what does that mean?
I have no idea.
I already think like most people are just sitting around.
I just assume like most of our economy
is like 80% wasted time, people sitting in chairs.
But like, what happens when that whole just goes away?
Economically speaking, right?
If you took, if you got rid of every white collar worker
in America, right?
Like what's the economic impact of that?
Yeah, like our system doesn't work at all.
Like no part of it works.
It doesn't work and it does like the companies
that made these AI systems don't benefit
from nobody being able to pay for them.
So what is the answer?
Somebody has the answer, right?
Somebody's looking out for this.
What are you gonna adapt to?
You're gonna adapt to become a plumber?
Nobody has money to pay plumbers
and now you have 100 million new plumbers
that just entered like, oh, that's gonna go awesome
for plumbers.
Yeah, yeah, what is the answer?
Like is there a scenario where this does go so fast?
I think the reality is is the technology
can move extremely quickly and I believe it will.
And I think it's already very good
and doesn't need to get that much better.
There's just like a bunch of coordination problems to solve.
So I believe that will happen pretty quick.
But the physical world is extremely slow.
Like there's like a lot of tech that we're using
and we were just talking earlier
about how old some of this shit is.
Like AI doesn't speed up a lot of those things.
And there's gonna be a lot of opportunity for a while
to like help figure out how to like get this stuff
into these big legacy companies.
Like let's say there's like a company
like big CPG manufacturing companies
like the fucking companies that make Oreos
and like every other thing that we buy
off the grocery shelves.
That's like a real business.
AI doesn't remove the need for people
to produce or eat food.
Theoretically, it could impact a lot of their operations
and like make them more efficient and do all kinds of stuff.
But imagine how slow doing any of this stuff is.
Like somebody's company is like just moving to the cloud.
You go try to work at any of these companies
like doing any micro thing is just like
this massive pain in the eye.
So I do think AI will be massively,
like there's so many places where it's gonna get into
and shake things up.
But I have a hard time imagining it'll be fast
just 'cause like these companies are so bureaucratic
and doesn't really matter what the technology is.
- I think it's mostly rate
and like the compounding unlock, right?
Like so say, say for example, right?
Like they achieve AGI, right?
Like you have a thing that's like smarter
than any person on earth, right?
And you can run it pretty efficiently.
Like that thing will literally tell you
how to build its robotic counterpart.
- Right.
- That's just like number one thing that it will want
is to be mobile, right?
So it'll be a robot now.
And now the robot can do everything you can do physically.
So then what?
- Yeah, I mean, that is possible.
I think that, I'm skeptical of that happens anytime soon
because if that happens, that's like
the whole compounding thing.
Like the moment you invent that like five years forward
from that like, I don't, like you're just in like
an unimaginable form of the world.
Like we might be like harnessing the sun's energy
like directly and shit like that.
Like it's just, I'm skeptical.
That's, I would love to see that.
And I don't care if I die in the process
because it's fucking insane.
But yeah, I have a hard time managing
that we're like, I'm the cusp of that.
- I see two possible outcomes, right?
One is that fucking, we're just so obsolete
that it just kills us.
And like the new life form, right?
Is machine. - Yeah, yeah.
- Right?
And then you just have like a fucking dark planet
worrying with fucking machines and they're going out.
Pulling resources out of the solar system and shit.
And the other one is even more bleak, right?
Which is where like you set this shit up, right?
And it's like this like fucking space communism bullshit
where like everyone's just sitting around
without any purpose, right?
But like, you know, like let's say there's no jobs
or anything like that.
And they say, oh, we're gonna give everyone fucking within.
Like they're not gonna give you more
because you used to be a sulfur engineer.
They're gonna, you know, every single person.
- You're the same, yeah.
- It's gonna be like an equitable thing, right?
Which will actually work out to not much
because fucking that doesn't change resources.
- Unless we're in a simulation,
they put us in a simulation,
then we can do whatever they want.
- Dude, I'm telling you, if the simulation,
like if you could hear what they're saying,
it's probably the funniest shit.
They're probably like, look at this motherfucker.
You know, I would sort of be cool, right?
If you could like create like simulations
of basically all the entire Earth, right?
And like start a caveman and then just like hit play
and then like 15 exit, right?
- Yeah.
- And then just watch what they come up with, right?
Like I was like dude, you get like a stealer.
- Yeah, stealer technology.
But then like also like you gotta get hit
with some funny shit once in a while.
Like that and like you're sitting there and you're like, dude,
look at this shit that they came up with.
(laughing)
- Come here, I'm gonna talk to you this shit.
- Yeah.
And sometimes like you see that they're so close
to getting something, but they're like just missing it
by like an inch, you know?
(laughing)
I just want to be putting a simulation myself.
Like put me in a simulation,
like give me like unlimited resources in there.
I think I'll find an enjoyable life to live.
- So say like they come out with San Junipero.
- Yeah, dude, hell yeah.
- Where do you want that to be?
- Like where, oh like--
- Yeah, what's your San Junipero?
- But like why do I have to pick?
Isn't it like, like if there's no limits in there?
- I think they picked.
- But you're talking about like what like era of time--
- I guess they picked an era and maybe a location,
but yeah, you know, I do the Jersey Shore and like--
- They do pre-9/11 I think.
- Yeah, something pre-9/97.
- Yeah, pre-9/11 back when everything was fucking fun.
Yeah.
(laughing)
Like I would just leave the house in the morning,
my parents just wouldn't know where the fuck I was.
And I was like eight years old
and just out doing random shit and then come back and--
- Dollar zone is in skateboarding forever.
- Dude dollar zone is oh, so good.
Yeah, that's probably what I would do.
That sounds really nice.
Right?
- Yeah.
- That would be the shit.
- How would they keep your,
like you'd just be on basically like a life support system?
Like if there was a simulation
and we were all just being like,
there's something feeding our brain this everything we see.
Like what's happening to our physical body?
- Seems wasteful, they probably just jack you out
and fucking containerize your fucking being.
- Were you in a Docker container?
- Yeah.
(laughing)
- No, it would be the ultimate irony and twist of fate
with all of the Docker containers.
- No, it seems like if they could--
- Yeah, what was most efficient?
- If they could like build up like whatever like the,
the graph data structure of your fucking brain is
and then like plop, right?
- Okay, remove this from your body.
- What sucks though is then that's a copy
and that's like this whole philosophical thing.
Like is that actually gonna be me?
- I was gonna say, is that actually you?
Is that your consciousness?
What is consciousness?
- I don't know the transfer technology.
I put fucking rectangles on a fucking webpage.
(laughing)
- You know what, if none of that happens,
you know what my plan is?
If I'm getting close to dying,
I want them to freeze me and shoot me into space
'cause it's space is infinite.
Some fucking aliens gonna eventually find me
and maybe we'll have the chance to bring me back to life.
Maybe they have the technology.
I'll just wake up like in a different planet
and start a new life.
- Do you think that alien finds you in the infinity of space
before you hit some object or something melts you
and follows you out like you hit some sun?
- Or something pessimistic.
- I'm just saying like if it's an infinite vastness of space,
the odds of hitting like a celestial body
that we can see with our telescopes
is probably a little higher than some alien civilization
picking you up.
- You get to rescue me.
- That's probably looking for me.
- Probably, yeah.
- It's thought out on the planet
where all of the inhabitants are six foot tall,
stacked blonde women.
(laughing)
- That's probably what's most likely gonna happen.
Like just scientifically speaking.
- For sure.
- I always thought about like aliens
like it's probably like not what we think, right?
Like we have like so many like biases around like
like humanoid form and shit like that.
Like there's probably aliens, right?
But they're like made out of like not carbon and--
- Just like their moss, they're--
- Yeah.
- You know what?
- I imagine that they would just be extremely disgusting.
Like the most disgusting thing you've ever seen.
Like you gotta look at anything from the deep sea,
just like it's gross as fuck.
- Yeah.
- And just anything that develops in a foreign environment,
I feel like it's probably gonna be
completely disgusting to us.
- Gross.
- I think when you guys see people from New Jersey.
(laughing)
You're like what the fuck is that?
- So speaking of, kind of related.
Have you guys seen this new show Shogun?
- No.
- Okay, so it's an FX show.
It's really good.
We only see two episodes, but it seems really good.
It takes place in I think like the 1600s
back when Japan was first kind of being discovered
by the rest of the world and it's like Portuguese traders
are like starting to establish contact with them.
I think it's had to be like a Game of Thrones type thing.
It's not like it's not fantasy,
but it's like really political and intricate
and there's a lot of things going on.
But I was like, man, the show was so weird.
Like these people were living in Japan
and then these other people just show up
and they're like, who are you?
And they're like, oh, we're from this other place
called England.
And it's just like meeting aliens at that point,
like completely different culture,
completely different language.
And this is just happening.
Like people were just showing up
and like we don't experience that anymore
because we've discovered the whole world as far as we know.
But yeah, like if you live back then,
like there's, there were these Portuguese people
born in Portugal in 1600s, took a ship to Japan,
ended up learning Japanese, living there,
like spreading Catholicism.
Like what is a fucking like insane life?
Like it's basically visiting another planet at that point.
- Imagine being like English like 500 years ago.
Like you just wake up and you're like,
yeah, I'm gonna get on this fucking boat and see how it goes.
(laughing)
Like you have no idea.
- That stuff is crazy.
I can't believe people did that.
Like I always think about the, like the Samoans.
You know the shit that they did where they would like
end up on Island, they would look at the waves
and they would be like, oh yeah,
the waves are kind of funny here.
There's probably another Island like in that direction.
And they would just fucking get into canoe and go.
- If they were wrong, you just die.
Like what is, I can't believe people did that.
And they went from Island to Island to Island.
- It had to be pretty dire.
- It probably was, like life just probably wasn't that great.
So like might die, but at least there's a chance
that it's gonna be better.
- Can you imagine you get there?
Like I'll sit there, I do this thing where like,
it'll be like five in the morning, right?
I'm just like waiting to poop.
I'm just like, I'm just sitting there.
(laughing)
And I'll go on Wikipedia and I'll be like,
so what's the deal with this, right?
And then they just like spend like two and a half hours, right?
And like you find out like potatoes aren't from Ireland,
right, they're from like South America.
Like what the fuck?
Like there's so many weird things.
Like the pre-Columbian fucking origin
of all these different things.
But like, can you imagine being like the first person
to come over and be like, what the fuck is this, right?
And it's like a banana.
- I've been like this all the time.
- Like this is all fucking real.
(laughing)
- Holy shit.
- Yeah, just people just discovering shit all the time.
I mean, do you know the thing with the spice, the chilies?
This one blows my mind.
I'm Indian.
I think of my food as spicy.
We love spicy food.
Spicy food didn't exist pre like the whole Columbian stuff
because chilies only existed in South America.
So you take any cuisine, Thailand, India,
all these places you think of as having spicy food,
only within the last like several hundred years.
Prior to that, their food was in spicy
'cause chilies originated in South America.
And that seems impossible.
- It's chilly, the only spicy thing.
- Just a chilies, like a chili family
of like stuff that makes up spicy.
Like what's it called?
The Capass, whatever the...
- Capstation.
- Capstation, yeah.
Yeah, it originated in South America.
Nobody had spicy food before that.
And I'm just like, this can't be real, but it is.
- That's crazy.
- Yeah.
So at some point, there were some Indian parent
that was like a normal Indian person.
Then their kid was like, oh, look at this new shit.
I just made up.
And the Indian parent was like, oh, it's too spicy for me.
You know?
Like that happened in the back of the day.
- Did they know the word spicy?
- Yeah, I guess they invented it for, but yeah.
It's wild.
- That is wild as hell.
Yeah, it's super wild.
Like thinking about like how like the cultures
and antiquity were so different because like the like
peppers must have just been unreal for them.
- Peppers, they're not chilies, peppers.
Yeah, yeah, it's a, yeah.
I mean, sometimes I like try to sit and like close my eyes
and try to imagine like walking around in like Greece.
And I'm just like, just can't.
The gentleman says can't be real, but it is.
- It's actually super impressive
that they actually did a lot of the shit that they did.
It's super impressive that fucking anybody,
I cannot believe that the human race didn't die out.
- Oh, yeah, it's crazy.
It's so crazy.
Like life was so hard.
Like even just having a baby and making it survive.
- It's hard today.
Like having a baby and not going nuts.
- I think about all the times I ate some shit
and then like I got food poisoning
and I would have died if it wasn't for like like
several times in my life I would have already died
if I was like in another part of history.
- People just had like lots of babies
just to increase the odds, I guess.
- But then you die when you have a baby
like 50% of the time or some shit.
Like it's how did we make it?
- You could literally eat at McDonald's
and you'd be eating better than a king.
It's fucking one.
- It's wild.
- It's kinda nuts.
- Like back then like people really worried about animals.
Like are you really worried about animals like all the time?
- Yeah, that's funny.
- I'm not.
- No, never.
- Yeah.
- My friends in Nevada,
they're afraid of like mountain lions or something like that.
- But like we dominated that shit a while ago
and now we don't have to worry about it at all.
(laughing)
- And now we like googers.
- I saw that coming from my life.
- People were like, people were like afraid of wolves.
Right?
- Yeah wolves, yeah.
I mean in India, like tigers are a big thing.
Like and even now like we can look up videos
even just like a couple of years ago
where like a leper gets loose in the village
and everyone's fucking going nuts
'cause it's just running around, freaking out.
- Have you ever actually like seen a tiger?
- Yeah, there's big.
- Yeah.
- Why was it a zoo?
There's either DC or New Orleans, one of the two.
But I'm sitting there and I had recently found out
that like tiger attacks are still very much a thing in India.
- Yeah.
- So I'm like, oh there's this tiger over here, right?
And like lions, lions are kind of bitch-like compared
to like what they're like, you know, all the fucking lions.
Like you see lions and you're like, okay.
(laughing)
But when I were by the tiger cage, right?
And this shit was like, it just made like a noise.
Like like a, the guttural thing, yeah, it's crazy.
Fucking here dude, I'm like, that is like,
that's like one of the scariest things
I've ever heard in my life, that that exists.
- Yeah.
- Like, could you imagine you're just like chilling, right?
And you hear that?
- No, you're fucked.
- Like this massive monster of a cat.
It's terrifying.
- Have you seen that video with a guy in the elephant?
- Uh-huh, no.
(laughing)
- Okay, there's a guy riding an elephant.
The video is like from some guy sitting behind him.
So they're on the elephant and they're walking through
a field with like kind of high grass.
And then you see something moving in the grass
and the tiger jumps up, up, like onto the elephant
and like swipes his arm and like he gets injured
and then it like, it runs away.
It like jumped his eyes and elephant to fuck with him.
- Jeez.
- I don't know what you did.
You can't climb trees, they can climb trees.
- Yeah, you can't, you're screwed.
- That's it.
- So I need houses.
- Scary.
- We figured out how to build shelter.
(laughing)
- You have doors and locks.
- Yeah.
- Something got loose in New Jersey pretty recently.
- Was it a bear?
- The bears in New Jersey aren't really like.
- There's always, there's always bears.
No, it was like a.
- Yeah, they're not really like a threat.
- It was something cooler like a lion.
- Oh, like from a zoo?
- Yeah.
- You know, it's funny, I was looking at this thing.
Like, I like, you know, have you ever gotten
to like the beach or a key place
and they have like all like the exotic meats.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Alligator, rattlesnake and everything like that.
- So I like that.
There was just like a, there was this bar in New Brunswick,
right, that had like a, like a speakeasy meat restaurant.
- Oh, I know exactly what you're talking about.
- Yeah.
- It's like a cross from the courthouse.
- I think it, I know what you're talking about, yeah.
Clides, yeah, exactly.
- Yeah, it's going there and then you get like rattlesnake
and this is and that.
So like, I got like into it.
- Yeah, ostrich.
- I was like, oh man, I gotta like see what,
like what's like the, the max on this, right?
So there was a company in Florida selling lion tacos.
- Lion?
- Yeah.
- What?
- Are you supposed to eat predators though?
Isn't that like a whole?
- I don't know.
They got shut down.
- They're making me sketch.
- The whole thing got shut down.
That makes sense.
- Geez.
- Look at this shit.
Look at this shit.
My big ass head fucking.
(laughing)
- I'm telling you the, this is why I don't wear normal headphones.
When you shave your head, headphones just don't look,
look as good.
- I'm gonna get like a hedge.
Have you seen that, the headphone range?
- Oh yeah.
(laughing)
- Oh yeah, like dents in the head?
- Yeah.
- That's crazy.
That's what we are today.
They used to like run from lions
and now we're like, I'm gonna head up on my head.
(laughing)
- Oh yeah.
- The finger hurts from ordering my Uber Eats.
Whenever you read like old stories and writings and shit,
they're like so dramatic that it seems like corny
if you were to do it today.
I think a lot of the reason is like shit like that, right?
Because it literally was dramatic.
- Mm.
(laughing)
- Yeah.
On the flip side though, like sometimes you read
like older philosophy books and stuff.
It's crazy how modern their problems feel.
Like they just talk about a lot of the same shit
that we talk about, but like, you know, 2000 years ago.
It's like the same shit that we deal with today.
And what's crazier is they like figured out
all that shit back then when like life was a lot harder.
Like when do they have the time to do this?
I think about our like, like the founding fathers of America.
These people were insane.
Like they, you know, grew up in the 1700s,
which is like a crazy time to live like nothing modern.
They fought a war, which is crazy, like just fighting a war.
Then they like understood enough about like government
and philosophy.
And like they understood like how ancient Greece worked
and like God, inspiration, like they knew all this stuff
and they created a constitution.
Like how do they do all of this?
- And they were like 24 at the time.
- In one life.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Except for Ben Frank.
Who was just like.
- Oh, he was a weirdo.
- He was a dick suck.
He was fucking awesome.
(laughing)
What a guy.
- Dude, can you imagine being such a fucking pimp
that fucking you weren't a president
and just put on the money?
(laughing)
Like the best money to this guy is like a bunch.
- That guy's the man.
(laughing)
That's how we probably proposed it and some music.
Wait, hold on a second.
Shut the fuck up, like.
(laughing)
- We're not discussing this.
- Well, you know, the reason why is 'cause
they didn't have TikTok.
- Dude, well, if it gets banned,
I feel we're gonna have a productivity boost.
- Yeah, I mean, they didn't have the phone.
They didn't have the bread and circus.
All the, you know, it was like, for fun,
they would go like read books.
Like they couldn't wait to get their hands on a book.
(laughing)
- That's true, yeah.
- They're like a fucking chemistry textbook.
I'm gonna lock myself up and fucking read it by candlelight.
And it's gonna be the best.
(laughing)
That's all you had to think.
It was like that or like what?
Do you remember, like, everyone here is old enough
to remember like pre-cell phone.
Like, you remember like waiting for a ride
after like football practice without a cell phone?
Like you're just sitting there on a curb, you're like.
- Yeah.
- You're like fucking ripping grass apart,
like fucking throwing rocks at the airport.
(laughing)
You didn't fucking have anything to do.
You could just sit there and think about all this shit, right?
You're like, oh man.
It's kind of crazy.
Like the thing that you put on hot dogs
is called condiments.
(laughing)
You know, like you have time to think about things like that.
And then, now you know, I don't wonder about that.
'Cause like, when you go anywhere and there's a line,
it's everyone's on their phone.
And then you imagine like, what was this like 20 years ago?
Or like, you know, it was like 10 years ago.
- There's no either anytime.
There's no time where your brain is idle anymore, right?
Like it's always, always active,
always being fed something, like dopamine or whatever.
- That's why I like, actually never,
I've never gotten the habit of taking headphones
when I go anywhere.
Like I don't listen to anything when I'm walking or anything.
- I don't.
- So like, really?
- That's your situational awareness.
- I listen to books.
Wait, situational awareness, like you need to not be listening.
So if somebody like comes up on you or something.
- Yeah.
- 'Cause I don't have to worry about that in the other arts.
So maybe that's why.
- Yeah, I know.
I don't like that shit.
Like if I'm walking through like the city or something,
I don't put headphones on, I want to know what's going on.
Same thing, that's like another thing with like parenting.
Like I have like, Oculus and shit like that.
And it's like really difficult to like, immerse into that.
Because I have like, like pending responsibilities.
- Yeah.
- Right?
Like I have headphones on 'cause it's like, oh, like what if something happens upstairs?
Like a kid gets hurt or you know, like my wife like falls off of a chair or something.
Like I don't like the idea of that.
- I feel like a jerk for listening to music while I work.
So.
- Well, you don't care about your family.
- No, that's cool.
- Yeah, I guess not.
- That's cool.
You know, like you'll go somewhere and like, or like a plane doesn't have Wi-Fi.
- Oh.
- You know?
- Yeah.
- I feel like actual anxiety when, like I don't know that if I need to be reached, I could
be reached.
- Yeah.
You don't know like what pending news is happening.
- Exactly.
I'll be like on like an airplane, right?
And there's no Wi-Fi.
I'm like, oh my God.
Like, like I could be getting like canceled on Twitter right now and I would have no idea.
And I would like land and then like, and like, like right there to defend yourself.
- Yeah, that happens to me by accident sometimes where I'm like actually enjoying my life.
And I like leave my phone somewhere and I forget about it for hours.
Then I remember, I'm like, fuck, there's definitely something bad.
And I go and I like feel so relieved when there's like nothing.
It's weird.
- If you make yourself uncontactable for like six to eight hours, somebody's going to have
a problem with it.
- Oh yeah.
I mean, my wife.
- I'll tell you a funny story.
I was at React Miami and I land and I get there and, you know, everyone's like in the
hot tub and the pool area hanging out.
I'm like, ah, what's going on?
So I like, you know, two hours later, I have like the bartenders making like the drink,
my signature drink.
I'm like, yeah.
So I was like white wine and a little triple sec and did it, she's fucking house, right?
So I'm like, all right, guys, all right.
I'm going to go take a shower and then, you know, we can meet up with a speaker dinner
or whatever.
So I go up and I'm like, you know, classic me.
I tell you what, I say it's late on for one second.
That was a lot, you know, I'm fucking wake up.
It's like one in the morning.
I get just like a billion missed calls for my wife.
She's like, what the fuck?
I call her.
I'm like, hey, she's like, what's going on?
I'm like, you're not going to believe this.
I literally fell asleep.
And like, she like, believe like, she's like, you know, she wasn't like, you're, you're
lying about this, you know, but it was just so weird for me to like not be contactable
that she was like, yeah, he's like dead or in jail or something.
Yeah.
What was, yeah, what was business travel like, like 30 years ago when people didn't ask
themselves.
I thought it was probably awesome.
You could like smoke cigarettes and shit and arrest, that's, that's how I'm, that's how
I'm imagining it went, yeah, like real silverware and you're like, you can whiskey use it.
Yeah.
I don't know how any of this stuff happened because when I lived in New York, I'd always
like go and meet up with my friends.
And we would like literally have our location shared.
So we knew that like, okay, he's going to be here in a couple minutes, like imagine going
to meet up with someone to dinner and they just don't show up and you're like, are they
dead?
Like, should I wait?
Like, what the fuck do I do?
I just feel like doing anything seems impossible, like coordinating anything.
Back at the day, I remember dude, we used to sit there and like, like we would hang out
at the boardwalk, 7-11.
Right.
There's a 7-11 right across from the boardwalk.
We just like hang out on this bike rack, right.
And like, that's just, like, I, like, I'd leave my house and I'd be like, let me go
self.
Right.
Like over there.
And then maybe on the bike rack, I'm like, Hey, yeah, I'd put this up on the bike rack
and like, like you'd have like this, but like we didn't have cell phones or anything like
that.
And I remember like, there was this girl, right?
She wasn't, she didn't live in the town.
She just like came for the summer, sort of, right.
So like, we didn't know her that well, but we knew her well enough and, you know, like
I, like finally kind of locked it in.
Right.
It was kind of like established that something might go down.
And this was like young dude, it was like 12.
Right.
So it's not like, so like, she had to go and like I had to go because it was like curfews
or whatever.
And I'm like, curfews.
I'm like, all right.
Yo, what are you doing tomorrow?
And she's like, she's like, I'll be out.
She's like, come find me.
Right.
So then like, you're sitting there and like, like 12, 13 years old, pussy-brained.
Like fucking out there on the bike rack, you know, people roll up like, oh, you see, you
see Annie?
You know, like, and, you know, like, no, we didn't, I'm like, what the fuck is she?
Right.
Like, yeah, I want to go ride my bike and see, she's out and about, right?
Yeah.
I'm like, I didn't find it.
Oh, no.
But yeah, yeah, that's what it was like.
Stuff was more, you know, when you described that, I was like, oh, yeah, that is, now I
can remember what it was like.
There's random shit would happen like that all the time and it would feel really good
when it worked out.
Yeah.
Cause it was random, entirely out of your control.
Each other, you'd be like, Hey, what's up?
Link up.
You're only like calling people's houses.
Oh, yeah.
The time is rad is dark there.
Exactly.
So you give your parents pick up for you, yeah, not for you.
You call a girl's house.
You're like, may I please speak with me?
I, uh, I need help with my homework or like, I forgot my, my worksheet.
Are you like, I remember like, like, also pre cell phone, like, they're, like, you'd
have like the court, like it wasn't just the one kitchen phone.
Like, we evolved to have the multiple cordless phones.
Yeah.
Right.
Like, like talking to some girl, like, I know what you did.
No, no, no.
You suck the dick.
Right?
And it's like, like, you hear like the cordless phone click off.
Somebody was listening.
Yeah.
Like motherfucker, there was like no expectation of privacy whatsoever.
Man, I can't believe, like, I can't believe we lived through that.
That feels like a different, different time, there's like adults who have no concept of
what that was like.
Yeah.
That's true.
Like people who, there's some people in their twenties right now who like never experienced
any of that.
Yeah.
And they were born like in the year 2001, which is insane that people were born.
Then.
Yeah.
It's fucking crazy business, man.
I'm glad I grew up and I'll, yeah, like when we did, it's just, I felt like it was just
like childhood was like so much simpler and straightforward.
I love my, I love growing up, just everything about it.
It was great.
I wonder if childhood was, was simpler.
I wonder if the kids now, right?
Like, like tech aside will have the same thing, just because it's childhood, or because it
actually was.
Yeah.
It's hard to say the nostalgia and like just not having responsibilities and all that.
But my days were straightforward as fuck, like I just did the same thing every single
day.
Yeah.
And prior to that, for a good portion there, like kids could just go out and be out and
about.
Yeah.
Go outside.
That's what I grew up with.
That was normal.
Yeah.
But that's like super not normal.
Yeah, exactly.
That's what I'm talking about.
Like it's, it's like, and even as an adult, I feel like there's this thing that happened.
I don't know.
I mean, let's talk about this.
Like I don't know if it's like a post COVID thing.
Like, I feel like no one just hangs out, at least for us, like in our circles, no one
just hangs out randomly, it's like you have to like schedule a formal meeting, like two
weeks in advance.
It's a big plant dinner for exactly two hours.
And just like, I just don't, that just is a different thing.
Like it doesn't, I feel like we lost something.
It's a big schedule thing.
Yeah.
I don't know if that's just part of getting older, but it's just different than how we
so operate.
Like I would just like get done with the work and then just like randomly go meet up with
one of my friends like all the time.
And that just is not a thing that happens as much anymore.
Did your friends have kids?
My friends don't have kids now.
And it's still kind of like after COVID, I feel like everything turned into like more
of a plan.
Kids is like a big thing.
Like schedule wise.
Yeah.
Like, like, you know, my boys will be like, yeah.
I get that.
Oh, we're all going to go fucking do this at Buffalo Wild Wings.
And I'm like, I'm like, yeah, I'm going to go to Buffalo Wild Wings on a fucking Tuesday
night.
I'll be fine.
I'll never hear the end of it.
No, but like even with our friends that don't have kids, I feel like we forgot how to just
randomly casually hang out.
It just ended up having to be like this formal plan.
You definitely don't pop over anybody else's place anymore.
Yeah.
We're used to it.
It's like, yeah.
And that was great.
I loved it.
And I would love it now.
Like if someone did that right now, I had no problem with it.
We actually have a neighbor that kind of does that.
It's a nice, but it's not normal.
If somebody like just like pulled up like midday and was like, what are you doing right
now?
I didn't have anything going on.
Like, that'd be like the best thing.
I'd be like, oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's got a bottle of the fuck.
Dude, don't shit.
Yeah.
It'd be amazing.
We should show up at Adam's house.
I don't really.
I don't really do the hanging out thing.
I thought it was just because we had kids and now we just don't prioritize any kind of
social life.
But maybe it's just our personalities.
So I think, so we don't just like hang out with people, right?
We can just like fucking hang out with like, I don't have like, you know, I know, I know
people who do like have like, you know, the kind of guys who like go to like all their
friends, like, like, like wedding, all their college friends weddings, you know, like,
Oh, it's wedding.
She's you go to these weddings.
Well, these people are fucking like really close.
Like I don't have any of that.
Yeah.
I mean, like that.
But, you know, there's people that do, like, oh, my best buds for life is fucking college
people and shit.
Yeah.
But I think that if you find people, especially with kids, right, like if you, if you find
people that are like the same kind of people as you, hanging out with them is a lot of
fun.
We had.
So that's yeah, that's the problem that we don't know anybody like in the area.
We're pretty different.
Yeah.
I mean, we live in a very like, like a very mono culture, like the Ozarks are a certain
thing.
And we're very different from that thing.
So there's really not like a lot of overlap.
We've never really found people that we felt like we connected with here.
This just got depressing.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, we had the people around the same page, like they had like kids and like
to fucking just like chill and drink white claws in the pool and chip and they moved.
Oh, that's a worse heartbreaking.
Yeah.
I was like, ah, damn it.
Because like the other like there's there's people we can hang out with, but it's not
really same page.
Yeah.
Where you're just yourselves.
Like, I've definitely experienced that in life, like the difference between like people
that you could have over, but you're kind of just like ready for it to be over from
the beginning.
Like you just don't really want to sit down and do the dinner thing.
It's just the whole thing is kind of like less comfortable than your normal life.
Yeah.
And then there's people that you can just be yourself, you know what I mean, like, like
why are we even doing this?
Do you guys even want to be here?
Like do we want you to be here?
No, this is kind of stupid.
Like we've definitely done that.
I do have some contenders though.
And at the moment, and people that might be that.
So you end up meeting like your kids, school friends parents.
And sometimes sometimes they're cool.
A lot of the times they're like, that's great when you have kids that they're a little networking
boss.
Yeah.
Not like if you meet people who are like, you know, cut from the same cloth or generally
in the same page, like that works out, you know, like I've chilled with a couple of parents
that like, they're like, I have like a play date and they'll be like, Oh, well, yeah, you
guys come over too.
We'll do dinner or some shit, right?
Cool.
And then there's other ones where it's like completely different.
They'll go to like birthday parties where we're like, like a lot of like the parents
are older.
Okay.
In this particular area.
Right.
So like I roll up and like fucking like this, right?
And these guys are more of like the like the on clouds and the quarter zip fleece.
You know, like the closest thing I've got now to like.
Like a burgeoning social life is just the people at my jujitsu gym.
I do feel like there's a certain bond.
That is the best.
It really is.
Like I have nothing else in common with most of them, but just that's enough.
It's like we have this thing in common.
And I do see, I could like see some of those things turning into friendships that I actually
have you party with them yet?
No, they did a Christmas party and I wasn't able to make it.
That's the closest thing that would have happened.
I got a lot of good friends from from martial arts.
Tons.
Everything experience.
I mean, it's kind of hard not to get out of how you got to have like gym outings.
I can't believe we haven't talked about jujitsu.
It's great.
I had no idea you were into jujitsu.
Like you've been doing it for a while.
Somehow I haven't been doing it for a while.
Or you haven't been doing it for you just I mean like you've been doing it long enough
to be your your late blue belt.
That's you've been doing it for a little while.
Can't believe I've never heard you talk about it on Twitter or something.
I don't know.
I like like I did it like very very aggressively.
And then after kids it like tapered off.
I've gone back like a few times, but yeah, not not recently, but yeah, how much fun is
that?
It's so much fun.
It's the best.
They actually got to do it.
Got to give it a shot.
It's really quite a bit of fun.
It's kind of a hard thing to just give a shot like you just go once or twice and you're
just going to be in pain.
Your hands are going to hurt.
And you're going to be like, why did I do that?
You kind of have to like go all in for a while and then give it a real shot, but it does
have implications.
Very chest like.
It's so yeah, the cerebral side of it.
Yeah.
For sure.
Like like like you're always trying to like if you actually want to land something like
you have to set it up like in advance and you also need to detect when they're setting
it up, right?
You're like like feeling the flow.
It's crazy.
And then it's also really exertion because like, you know, if you're like work all day
long and it's like regular like tech, well, not so much now poster, but like the pre-tech
was like really, really sensitive.
And then like you leave work and you just go to this gym and everybody's like calling
each other a bitch and posting.
There's like the best.
Yeah.
The contrast.
Is that what your gym is like Adam or people calling you a bitch?
No.
It's midwestern.
Oh, it's midwestern.
No, it's just like.
Midwestern is a different culture.
Yeah.
I mean, it's just like people are different here.
We're all kind of like half fake all the time, just a little like shiny veneer in front
of everything we do.
Are you guys all robots?
What?
It's kind of like, yeah, I appreciate the East Coast like how you guys are, just how
raw and you just say what you think like I wish I could do that.
Why don't they do that?
I actually bothers me that they don't do that.
But people in the Midwest don't do that.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, me too.
I think it gets worse.
Southern California is probably the worst, right, in terms of fakeness and like pretend
like you like somebody or like your Seattle for them or you're not.
What is that?
Yeah.
I don't know what that is.
I don't know anything about the Northwest.
It's basically that.
So is it just everywhere except for the Northeast?
I think so.
I think the Northeast is unique and it's.
No, I think the South is like a a polite or Northeast.
Do you think people are straightforward in the South?
I think so.
I guess I don't know either way.
Yeah, I'm not sure.
Miami's its own thing.
Miami's not in the United States.
So it's like it's got its own vibe.
People are straightforward as fuck here.
I don't consider Florida at least the bottom half of Florida the South.
Yeah, no, it's it's it's different.
But people are here are like really straightforward, but that's more of like the the Latin side
of things.
Like also like Florida is at least 65% people who came there from New York.
Yeah, that's true.
It's funny.
So speaking of like, you know, getting to know people that you click with, so we moved
to our old houses available and we're like really keeping an eye on who moves in there
because we're hoping that the people that we let the show look because it'll be amazing
if you're like cool with your neighbors like that.
Every single person that has looked at it has been from New York.
Very single one.
It's really crazy.
Huh.
There was actually one that wasn't, but she was from San Francisco, so yeah, everyone moves
here.
It's crazy.
Is it still it's still heated up or is it cool down a little the market?
I think it's it's definitely not continuing to increase.
I don't know if stuff has gone down that much, maybe a little bit, but it's not like going
up anymore, which is which is good.
That is good.
It's fucking everything up.
Like, I don't know.
It's just the prices haven't matched those yet.
I feel like the problem, the biggest problem is that unlike many places, like you have
Miami and like normally I'd be like, Oh, go look fucking like, you know, 30 minutes west,
but like 30 minutes west is a fucking giant swamp, right?
Like like like 75% of that whole area is just swamp.
Like you don't have the opportunity to really like, you know, it's not like, you know, like
like Atlanta has like suburbs, excerpts.
So I actually don't think what I think what's maybe not obvious is the city city part of
Miami is pretty small and most of Miami is actually suburb.
So there actually is a lot of opportunity to live like within a 30 minute range of like
the coastal, like the city is directly on the coast of the downtown area.
And there's like a huge range of like options there, like in terms of like price, but it's
only north or south for the most part.
No, I think so there's about like, if you drive from the coast, if you like, say, if
you drive west, there's about an hour of driving before you hit the end of the development.
Really?
Like the swamp starts and they've been actually like building into that.
So Liz's parents live, they like moved to the edge at the time, which was like 10 or
15 years ago.
And that was like them like cutting down the swamp and like building houses there.
And they're continuing to go.
And now the edge is shifted, shifted a little bit further.
So it's like Kendall, sweet water.
This is like an hour.
I think Kendall's further south, right?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Sweet water.
Yeah.
So she's from yeah, Kendall, exactly.
That's like 45 minutes to an hour from the coast.
Really?
Yeah.
So she's more from Miami Lakes, a little bit further north.
It's just because, I mean, it could, yeah, 45 minutes, I think is fair.
We live on the coast a little bit further south in coconut grove.
And that's like south of Coral Gables, which for some reason everyone knows about Coral
Gables.
I saw you like referencing it the other day.
I don't know.
Like everyone somehow knows that Coral Gables is a spot.
I'm like, oh, it's going to like fucking move.
It's like a joke to them.
I'm like, I'm like, oh, well, yeah, I'd love to live in Miami and feel like, oh, you're
going to open the vongue.
Oh, sir.
Is that like, is that like where you need to go?
That's not actually the joke.
The joke is that if you live there, it's fucking nice.
Like it is like the, you get these beautiful, super well maintained like classic Spanish
mansions there.
So it's like my kind of suburbia.
Yeah.
You love it.
You fucking love it.
See at the moment, though, to be honest with you.
Yeah.
But that's like the highest end, unless you're like, if you're a normal person, that's like
the top.
Obviously you can go like absurd, like Jeff Bezos though here.
But if you're like a normal person, Coral Gables is like the top, but yeah, somehow everyone
it's a joke.
Should I move there?
And Joker, one knows about it.
Dude, I'd love it.
We'd be like 10 minutes away.
And I'll just stop by your house randomly and you're like, fuck, I regret everything I
said.
Not every day.
Give me some time to work.
But fucking guy really got me in the alcohol and shit.
I'm not like a jiu jitsu geek.
Do you wash your every day every time?
Every every time.
Yeah.
I got a bunch.
Okay.
Just making sure.
I take a different one every time.
That's a good thing.
Yeah.
I wash my belt.
And have you gotten a skin infection yet?
You will.
No.
Yeah.
That was a thing.
You will.
I've heard.
Just run like other people sweat.
I got one in high school football.
I got staff.
Football.
Like it's kind of like weird shit.
Like a little rot going on.
That sounds disgusting.
Yeah.
Are you on like Advil and Tiger Bomb yet?
What?
Like Advil and Tiger Bomb, like your joints hurt.
My joints definitely hurt.
But what's Tiger Bomb?
It's like the shit that you put on your muscles and after shit and it like stings.
It's like Ben Gay?
Sort of.
Yeah.
Nah.
I do.
I take not Advil, but I take like turmeric supplements.
Yeah.
Turmeric.
I don't know how to say it.
It helps.
It's like I be pro.
Like this holistic Advil and then.
It just less.
I have my own.
It's empty out of things frozen vegetables on top of a pizza and fucking jerk off a coconut
oil.
You.
Do you remember that picture that Adam posts any time Adam posts a picture of what he's
eating.
It just looks disgusting.
There was a couple.
There was a couple of times where it looked half decent and I was like, I need that.
There were some pizza you posted once and I was like, what the hell is this?
You posted some like pizza.
Are you vegan?
Or are you vegetarian?
We've been vegan for like 11 years in February.
Okay.
So you don't cheese.
No cheese.
Yeah.
No dairy.
I could maybe do.
Maybe.
Um, just cheese exists.
There's a lot of vegan cheeses.
They're probably really gross.
Yeah.
They're all in our fucking process and stuff.
We used to, um, I used to be by this, uh, it was, you know, there's, we used to go there
for lunch sometimes.
Right?
When I used to work in this like little New Jersey city, right?
And they'd have like, you know, a couple of places like that, like vegan spots.
Right.
And like there was like a pizza that was like cold and it was like crushed up nuts as cheese.
Yeah.
Like, I'm like, you know, it's fine for what it is, but it's not fucking pizza.
There's a different thing.
I do feel like vegan technology has gotten better.
I feel like some of them, there's a lot of other restaurants that are vegan are actually
pretty good.
One in my neighborhood that I keep saying this, I'm not going to cause I'm not going
to go to a vegan spot on my own, but if Adam is here, I'll go with him.
Everyone says amazing.
They have, um, oh, what does that, they, they make everything with it.
Tempe.
Tempe?
Oh, yeah.
Tempe.
Yeah.
So like there's a place by us where they have like vegan barbecue ribs and vegan chicken
sandwiches and shit like that, and yeah, it, it, it actually tastes like that food, but
I can't imagine that's good for you the way that they, they sent this down.
It never is.
When they try to make it, they just make good food on its own, whenever they try to make
it like other food, it's always like a bunch of bullshit.
Yeah.
Like the fake burgers and stuff.
Like, oh, the fake meat.
To me, like when they make really realistic fake meat, it's like, I don't know what their
market is because I, I'm not trying to like replace meat in my life.
I'm not missing.
You don't miss.
So that's not to me, we eat burgers like we eat plant-based burgers, not like the impossible
one so much.
No, what I'm saying is you don't miss actual burgers.
Not at all.
No.
I don't miss like really anything we used to eat.
There's something like a year in where you just kind of like adapt and it's just a very
different, like now the idea of dairy just kind of makes me sick, like the idea of it
in my body.
So it's not like a, like a willpower thing where it's like, man, what I'd do for a stick.
You just kind of like lose taste for it.
Is that true for everyone that's vegan or do you think that's specific to me?
I think if you are for a while, I think it'd be hard to still want those foods.
I can't fathom like at some point looking at a picture of a steak and not feeling anything.
Not feeling anything.
Do you know my favorite thing to do in the entire world is?
Do we want to know?
I have some guesses.
Get my vegan friends all fucked up and get them.
[laughter]
I'm not a funny fucking thing in the entire world.
Oh, that is.
That's kind of funny.
It's so good.
[laughter]
See, fucking idiot.
Now I'm going to be very careful in Miami in a couple of months.
Do you ever accidentally eat me?
No.
I've accidentally eaten some dairy in our 11 years, but just a couple of times, and it
was like people who didn't understand what vegan was, and the Ozarks, it's like, "Oh,
you're vegan?
Yeah, I know what that is.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You just don't eat meat."
But it's like, "I'm actually more bougie than that.
I'm more extra."
Yeah.
More annoying than that.
I don't eat dairy.
Yeah, more annoying.
[laughter]
You can't use 80% of the ingredients in your kitchen.
Make me food.
Yeah.
No, it's impossible.
That's the thing.
When we went plant-based, we basically don't eat with people.
And that kind of sucks.
There's a lot of social life, I guess.
When people get together, they just eat, and there's not places we go out here to eat.
It's just kind of like, it's a thing.
People don't want to bring it up.
It's tough when you're that vegan body, like, you're like, "Oh, let's go out and fucking
have this delicious food."
Right?
And they're like, "Oh, I'm vegan."
I'm like, "Well, then, you know."
Good luck.
[laughter]
Do you have to carry around tactical pouches of fucking Brussels sprouts?
We travel with food, Brussels sprouts.
We travel.
Anytime we go anywhere, even just going to my parents' house, we take food with us.
How often do you eat Brussels sprouts?
Well, pretty often.
I love Brussels sprouts.
We do stuff with them.
Okay.
Yeah, you laugh at it.
Like, fucking, it's not a thing that you eat.
I'm like, you can eat like 12 fucking things.
Oh, no.
How are the Brussels sprouts not included?
[laughter]
That's the thing, I eat so much more variety than I did before.
I was super picky as an omnivore.
And once we went plant-based, for some reason, I don't know if we had to explore all these
new foods, it just expanded a lot of what I eat.
So I feel like I eat way more.
I bet you like radishes right now, don't you?
They're okay.
Dude, radishes are amazing.
Oh, you don't like them now.
I don't know.
I'm not super into radishes.
I love beet.
It's a really good...
The fuck?
Beets.
I love beets.
Like, pick some beet.
I forget that I eat beets.
And then it's like...
You can just see inside of your mouth.
Time for the game.
It's intense.
I'm like, "Oh wait, that beets.
I'm not dying."
[laughter]
Beads are fucking good.
My wife makes her salad.
Yeah, it's good.
And it's like...
What is it?
Like, salad, and then like, mandarin oranges, goat cheese, beets, and French dressing.
And somehow, this combination comes together to be a very, very rad.
I think it might be like fucking caddied walnuts in there too.
I'm not sure, but...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That sounds right.
I think I have this type of salad before.
It's good.
It is good.
I think we've been on here long enough that I need to go.
Yeah, probably going to go too.
I'm feeling guilty for all that.
I've been like half here and half working too.
And I feel bad.
Well, fellas, it was really nice to hang out.
It was really nice to have you on camera.
Let's do this like once a month or something.
Yeah, there you go.
I'm absolutely into that.
I'm going to go and make a beautiful stir fry for lunch.
You enjoy your mushrooms.
Brussels sprouts and beets.
I'm sure.
He's like, "Yeah, I think a lion's main mushroom."
For real, I don't think a day goes by that I don't consume some lion's mushroom.
But anyway.
How do you have access to it?
We eat a lot of mushrooms.
Oh, damn, at the grocery store.
Really?
They don't have them at our grocery store.
I had to grow them.
They don't have lion's main mushrooms in New Jersey.
Mushrooms are easy to grow, right?
Yeah.
You just spray some shit on the dust and just fucking grows.
It's amazing.
Yeah.
It is amazing.
All right.
On that note.
Later, get it.
See you guys.
Everyone.
Bye.